[components] Add panel toggle icon overrides (#40711)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/src/panel/README.md

-   Type: `String`
-   Required: No

> ###### iconOpen

Reviewer: Let's use "expanded" instead of "open"

Author: Changed `iconOpen` to `iconExpanded`

> An icon to be shown as the toggle button within the `PanelBody` title when open.
> 
> -   Type: `String`
> -   Required: No

Reviewer: These props are not `String`s — let's update the description as follow:

```suggestion
An icon to be shown as the toggle button within the `PanelBody` title, in its expanded state. See [the `@wordpress/icons` package](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/blob/trunk/packages/icons/README.md) for a list of available icons.

-   Type: `React.ReactNode`
-   Required: No
-   Default: `chevronUp` icon from `@wordpress/icons`
```

Author: @ciampo - Sorry, wasn't sure what type they should be, I copied from the lines above documenting the existing `icon` prop which also said `string`.

Should I update the original `icon` prop documentation to match?

Reviewer: > Should I update the original icon prop documentation to match?

Yes please. I believe the `icon` prop being a `String` is a leftover from earlier times when `dashicons` were the main way to provide icons.

> ###### iconClosed

Reviewer: Let's use "collapsed" instead of "closed"

Author: Changed to `iconCollapsed`

> An icon to be shown as the toggle button within the `PanelBody` title when closed.
> 
> -   Type: `String`
> -   Required: No

Reviewer: These props are not `String`s — let's update the description as follow:

```suggestion
An icon to be shown as the toggle button within the `PanelBody` title, in its collapsed state. See [the `@wordpress/icons` package](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/blob/trunk/packages/icons/README.md) for a list of available icons.

-   Type: `React.ReactNode`
-   Required: No
-   Default: `chevronDown` icon from `@wordpress/icons`
```

Author: Done.
